Fix KeyError('geospatial_lat_max'))when saving to disk (#962)
CCI-Tools/cate: CHANGES.md

## Version 2.1.4 (in development)

> * When saving a dataset to disk, cate now checks first if the needed keys for geospatial information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When caching a dataset to disk, cate now checks first if the needed attributes for geospatial information
```

Reviewer 2: Here, we only resort to the information from the metadata when we cannot retrieve the resolution from the data.
